# Pitch 15-05-24

## General Feedback

- Do we have a definition of done for every concept?

  - When are we done with concept 1 and what does it need to demonstrate?
  - Was the concept fun?
  - Why?
  - Progression not clear
- Unclear where we are in the progress
- We're trying to force the player to use math -> could make it optional
- Unclear, how does the student learn the actual math?

  - Feedback on what the player needs to do
- Balancing six games is too difficult -> merge into one game.
- How scalable is our angy equations -> explain this is possible
- Make the progress more clear
- Roadmap -> what are the expected deliverables?

  - Where are we?
    -> Make it more clear
- Explain the goals more -> what expectations are there?
- NEVER throw the client under the bus -> defend the client (shows that we are in control!)
- Explain what the foundation is -> show/explain what we've done

  - This is what we've done.....
  - Why this roadmap?
  - Important to us because we're a group of 8.
  - Emphasize why the foundation is important to our group of 8 (SIGNIFICANT TASK!)
- Very broad -> We need to make our presentation very clear -> Be very specific

  - missing goals + criteria
    - What do we want to achieve with our concept? -> What criteria do they need to fulfill?
  - What have we achieved and why?
  - missing explanation on how we test
  - We use this now to measure....
  - Be clear and concise!
  - Include if it is challenging -> Why is it challenging?
  - Everything we did in the time we had (including organizing ourselves)
  - Describe goals -> what do we need to make quality? -> how are we going to test?
  - Demonstrate that we have mastery over our own project in every sense!
    - We solved something incredibly difficult, here's how! :D
- Convince/Explain what we did and why it's worthwhile!

  - How did we get there?
  - Did we make mistakes
  - How did we fix our mistakes?
  - Why did we make these choices?
- Be open to points for improvement -> Take it into account for the next iteration.

## Angry Equations

- Does it actually teach us anything? -> How do we prove this?
  - What does the game actually teach? -> Write it down and explain.
- What context is this going to be used?
- What is the scope of our game? -> Create a clear description, be detailed about it!
- What is the setting of the game? -> Just the classroom or can it be played at home?
- Be very specific! -> Use one way to do this. -> Prove that atleast something happens.
- Be smart about how to approach these tests.
- How are we going to use the wordclouds to analyze this.
- Not only 6 concepts, but retro, tries and errors etc.
- Presentation prep: sit down and discuss the presentation.
- Present in the best way possible! (do not aim too high)
