# Pitch 03-06-24

### Feedback

#### Concept 2

- Lore didn't come through in the product. This made many aspects and mechanics unclear to as why there there in he way they are.
- Math didn't seem necessary for the prototype, particularly the intercept calculation, due to the lack of lore in the prototype.
- Learning goals were not mentioned in the concept pitch (Coline).
- The testing part was unclear for this section.

#### Concept 3

- Is instant feedback really a design pillar?
  - We want instant feedback because it's important for the students to learn about linear equations. It's crucial to include this feature.
- Math implementation when placing the tower:
  - From the point when you add the tower, it doesn't seem necessary to do math.
    - Enemies destroy towers, so you need to place towers strategically.
    - It's turn-based, allowing players to think about their tower placement, facilitating learning.
- It feels like the instant feedback is just proper UI.
  - We wanted variety.
- Why not allow placing towers while the game is running?
  - This was a requirement from the client.
- Isn't it frustrating that you can't place towers while the game is running? If you place them incorrectly, you have to watch yourself lose. This issue could have been identified through testing.
- The metrics don't seem to be supported by data or numbers.
- Don't rely on just one test.

#### Feedback on Demo consept mushrooms of bloom

- The first concept feels much better than this one.
  - The linear part of the equations is missing in this concept.
- It doesn't demonstrate the strengths of the concept.
  - Elements like range, etc., are not evident in the demo.
- Why would I input the equation? What is the necessity of that?

### General Feedback

- It was hard to follow.
  - There was a lot of information, making it difficult to maintain attention during the presentation.
- Key problem: The absence of key words on the screen made it harder to follow. The slides should support our narrative, but half of them look exactly the same. Make it clear what you mean with the keywords. The audience should be able to pick it up from our presentation. Please avoid having eight people presenting simultaneously.
- Taking feedback more than 2 times is not effective.
- Answering questions is difficult when the relevant part of the presentation comes later.
- Client reaction was very broad (what specifically did they like?).
- Scope and pillars were clear.
- The roadmap was clear.
- Focus on testing instead of creating more designs.
- Emphasize "show, don't tell." Demonstrate your work before explaining it. Consider reorganizing the presentation.
- The second concept is like a diamond in the rough; it has potential.
