# Retro 1 Debriefing Coline 22/05/2024

General
- Upload documents beforehand
- Do the retro as soon as possible (after the product demo)
- Document all phases of the retro
- Good documentation (but it's not on the DLO)


Phase 1 Sailboat
- Action points:
	- Make sure the action points can be checked by SMART to make them measurable
		- This will allow to appoint an action lead
	- Some action points are more concrete
	- Add action leads, someone who checks if the action point is in the process
		- Who's responsible for what?
		- Accountability
	- Do not say things like freedom etc., concrete processes and/or steps
	- Positive action points that have no risks need not be mentioned
		- If there are any doubts, discuss decision making processes
	- Time management, discussion DOD, scope etc. if necessary
	- Keep deadlines between the teams clear as day
	
	- Approach coach/teacher if we need help

Phase 2 feedback on the smiley board:
	- Does everyone understand why they are in a certain category.
	- Did we give any team centered tasks?
		- How are we as a team picking this up?
		- Are we helping eachother to grow?
		- How are we helping eachother to grow?
		- How is the person supposed to grow?
		- Example: let Tigo guide a meeting (what process? what tools?)
	- Give (more) concrete examples for the feedback
	- Don't repeat things that have already been said
		- To save time
	
	- Examples of more professional feedback can be asked from teachers
	
Next retro:
- Hand in the retro before hand
- Everyone has to hand in all 3 phases
	- Phase 1: Take more photo's off the sailboat
	- Phase 2: Take a photo at the end
	- Phase 3: Incorporate photo's so you can reflect on it	

- Class demo
	- Make the teachers aware of the specific challenges of the team
		- How did we fix the challenges?
		- How did we test the possibilities?
	- Teachers are trying to incorporate the idea of presenting in front of a game studio
	- How can this be made more interesting

