# General 08-05-24

## Agenda

- Stand-up by leads & managers
- Discuss the meeting between Erwin, Michael & Willem

## Meeting Notes

- Stand-up by leads & managers

**Design Team**

- Transferred the original concept to the new design document template.
- Literature review for the design.
- User and design text templates.
- Created the template for the personas.

**Coding Team**

- Developed all the features for the first prototype.
- Started to merge the features together.
- Next up is the building of the levels.

---

- Discuss the meeting between Erwin, Michael & Willem

---

Discussed the concept of integrating multiple smaller games into one large game, still focusing on the 6 concepts.

Erwin wants one concept that includes all the learning goals.

- So, he still favours the 6 concepts.

Erwin sounded positive about our current workflow and is excited about what we now have.

He discussed the teachers being able to modify the content of the game to fit their curriculum. So, **Authoritability** is very much desired.

- He sounded overall positive and confident.
- He wants the separate concepts to incorporate all the learning goals.
- We need to design in a way that a concept can be built upon to include every learning goal.
- The designs should show signs of scalability.

It is interesting to consider defining in the Game Design Document (GDD) the addition of user-generated content and a future vision for the project in the design.

>  See client meeting notes of 7-05-24

## Action Points
