# [General Meeting - 17/06/2024]

`v1.1`

## Agenda

- Stand-up project progress leads & managers
- Discuss draft slides product demo
- Game night :)

## Meeting Notes

### Michael shows presentation: 
Is good, could go a little bit more into diverge and converge. some things are not there yet and cannot be judged. Presentation was accepted by everyone

### Standup:

- Michael did the presentation and DED for GDD 05, today graphics for presentation.
  
- Carla: DED for GDD 04 and GDD 01, prepare testing
  
- Chantal: User test plan for GDD 05, prepare testing
  
- Coding Team: Concept 1 and Concept 2 are finished, are also built and uploaded. Today work on finishing concept 3 (almost done) and start on 4.
  
- The Coding team's sanity is hanging on a tiny freakin' thread!
  

### Testing day
Friend of Willem -> not everyone of our group can go, there is not enough space for 8 people. Discussion of who can go? Bring a party bag of chips as an insentive, keep it at a 5min thing per person. Is it even possible? Maybe more like 10.

Carla does not speak enough dutch, Dylan would like to come, Willem is a must, for Tigo and Winand it is way to much travel time.

#### Group

- Willem (must)
- Chantal
- Kian
- Michael
- Dylan (maybe)
  
### User test reports
We might have 5 of those, the faster we have them done the faster winand can make the analysis. We have to do them as fast as possible. Two people with one student: 1 person is conducting and 1 person is taking notes.

Michael asked if someone wants to help him with the product demo. -> Discuss this on wednesday.

Who is doing the client demo? Wrote it down who is coming -> also discuss on wednesday.

## Action Points