# Design 06-05-24

## Agenda

- Discuss and ratify Concepting Process & Products
- Discuss, agree on and ratify GDD-template
  - Write it down in issues
- Discuss Conceptual Exploration & Core Values
  - What do we need to define as a team, are there specific terms or concepts we need to have a mutual understanding on?
  - Which design values (e.g. how important is having fun over learning etc.) are important to the client?
  - Which design values are important to us as a team? (e.g. how important is it for us to focus on accessibility; emergent over prescribed gameplay etc.)

## Meeting Notes

we are in the **rapid** prototyping phase

### todo now

- finalize GDD Template -> mail the client and get back to that
- start design tests -> Chantal and Carla
- move concept 1 to template -> Dylan and Michael
- fill out the 01 Conceptual Exploration & Core Values -> done

### todo over time

- IF you have an Idea:
	- describe it
	- fill out onion
	- sketch if you can
	- pin it
	- Does not have to match our criteria
	
The Idea is: that in the end we have a large pool of ideas - even failing ones. Write it down, even if it is dog shit! 
**EVEN FAILING ONES!!!** Escpecially those!

### Concept N selection (when the time comes)

- Discuss the board and all the Ideas
- pick ideas
- define core gameplay loop for programmers so that the programmers can start! It's all about speed, we create a spring board in the first day and work on the GDD during the week
- parallel to that we (the Designers) start to define and fill out the GDD
	- basically the programmers have the skeleton and we work on the meat
- when they finish their work and we finish ours, we should have a prototype. this process is going to be a ping pong thing, if the programmers don't understand something or need anything we'll add it
- then we need to tests the prototype
- analyze the data

---
#### everything here is not for us but for the client

- and revisite the concept
	- Yes?
	- No?
	- Why?
	- How to fix it?
- Then we do a conclusion & Rivision (we create a document or add it to the GDD, we still have to talk about this)

---

After completing the circle, we start again with selecting a new Concept and start new

## Action Points

- Michael & Willem: translate the first concept to the new GDD-template
- Chantal & Carla: start with defining the design tests, rework the usertesting aswell
