# Talk with Karel 24-04-2024

What Karel thinks:

- Split off into pairs. Both are responsible for design and development. This way, everyone can contribute.
  
- A rapid prototyping approach is desired based on what the client wants.
  
- This is stupid :)
  
- He is unsure how to supervise us with this project because he has no clue what's important. He is going to talk to Alexander.
  
- "What are we going to deliver?" he asked.
  
  - Game design document (for all the concepts), product analysis, game requirements, and goals
    
  - First concept worked out
    
- Karel: "How are we going to present that at the product review?" he asked.
  
  - Presentation on what our project goals are and what we have as a concept that we made.
- Karel: "What is the purpose of the GDD?"
  
  - We: explain what it is for
    
  - Karel: "For whom is this document?"
    
  - We: explain for whom and how it can be used
    
- Karel: "What is the scope of the demo?"
  
  - It demonstrates the game itself based on the concept.
    
  - Karel: "What can I expect to see?"
    
  - We: "An 'Angry Birds' clone with aiming as the equation etc. (see GDD of this concept)."
    
- Karel is pretty irritated about this
  
  - We got complimented on the way we have behaved during this period
    
    - We have managed to stay together.
- "This will happen to us in the future,"
  
  - "The trick is how to deal with it."
    
    - "The only thing you can do is accept it and move on."
  - "He does not see us differently because we stepped up."
    
  - "He said we got our stuff together."
    
- His suggestion: "Monday was Monday (the talk Alexander gave us) and we should move on."
  
  - Focus on what kind of cool stuff we're gonna demo at the product demo
    
  - Separate talk with the client.
    
- Pitch the things you are doing to convince the teachers that what we are doing is worthwhile. (sell the process and ourselves)
  
  - Process
    
  - Product (the most bang for our buck)
    
  - What is interesting (research and design) and why it works
    
  - Use that as a basis for the next sprint and iterate on it
    
- Understand that they don't understand.
  

---

> Whatever it is we are doing, if we believe in it, Karel believes in it.

---

Focus on what our strengths are

- Demonstrating our professional skills in the project

Have a hand in everyone's capabilities

Karel keeps an eye out for how we deal with things we haven't encountered yet.

Strategy we should adopt

- Overperform so they have no doubt in us.

Note: More snacks for Karel
