# Karel 8-5-2024

Karel asked us if we talked to Erwin

- See Meeting of 8-5-2024 for the notes of meeting with erwin and [Client 07-05-24.md](https://github.com/Burning-Equations/Documentation/blob/main/Meetings/Client/Client%2007-05-24.md "Client 07-05-24.md") of 7-5-2024 

Erwin would love to have all the learning goals but that is not feaseble. We as a group need to make concepts that prove a concept so the question is how do we come up with good design that comes with that scalebility?

## Karels advice

What he wants us to think about we could do is doing rapidprototype to an extend that we make the jackbox idea to prove to ourselfs that the idea works. It needs to be working and not an idea. The principle needs to be working.

Karel things we could have approched the client in a diffent way. He suggested we need to be in the lead. There are diffent kind of clients. 

We need to take the initative in this case because the client in our case doesnt know what he want. Karel wants us to be one step ahead, We are in his words the expert and we basicly need to impress the client.

If the client would have known what he wants he would have had it already

So we should impress the client with something that we can say to him "This is what you want" or not...

Design the development process to be not in production but an RnD pre production. We should only be intrested in the experience.

## Product demo

- We are going to show the demo of the first concept

- Monday we get a breefing for infomation for what is going to happen and what the teachers expect to see in the Product demo

- Expert review is where a technical teacher will do a coach review
  
  - content 
  
  - quality
  
  - process
  
  - progress

- We are convincing the teachers that we are up to par with what the client wants in form of a product pitch

- We should tell a good story around the demo to impress

- Questions that we want from people should be about details and we need to prepare for them

- Everything we talk about should be bulletpoint based 
  
  - Are we doing the work?
  
  - Are we on track following the roadmap?
  
  - Where are we in the project now (what do we have and what do we not yet have)?
  
  - Be honest about our stand in the project
  
  - Do we have proof of the stuff we made? (by testing the product)
    
    - Is it fun
    
    - is it ...

We need to find people to play it

- We should contact someone for our target audiens for the second or last product demo

- We should have a gurrila style testing method to get basic feedback on user experience etc.

Karel is realy proud of us with the design and testing part! (maybe we are even overdoing it)

## Next steps

#### Testing

- The methodologie is really important

- We should flex this at the product demo
