# Coach 05-06-24

## Agenda

- Discuss product pitch presentation

## Meeting Notes

### Presentation Strategy and Content

##### Tell Our Own Story (and Tell It Well)

- We're telling/showing the wrong thing → the wrong story
- More of a presentation problem than content problem → one person has to create a new presentation

##### Why is it Good for the Client?

- Because the client expects...
- We're being judged on what we're offering.
- How are we having success?
  - Progress
  - Evidence how we're making this progress

##### Presentation Strategy

- One (maybe two) do the presentation.
  - Makes a more coherent/fluent whole
- Feed forward the scope of the story (here last time, here now, here endpoint).
  - How much percentage are we on our client goals
- What did we do?
  - Elevator pitch to explain the story of the game
  - We tested after
    - This is how
    - This many people
    - Results

##### Presentation Content

- Add logical order.
- Focus on our progress!
  - Product
  - Results

##### Issues to Address

- Presentation build-up = confusing.
- Not enough details or not the right details.
- Goal → Are we hitting the goals our client set?
  - What is our progress to fulfill this goal?
- We have to make it clear that we're doing everything right
  - And why we're doing everything right.
- This design represents this quality + scope.
- By using the examples, our client can replicate our...

##### Additional Notes

- Concept 6 for expert review → more individual goal
- Reflection on the games is more important → meta analysis
- It is about scope for professional
- Focus on the wrong things for the product demo → not telling the right story
- Practice the presentation with Karel → to test structure
- Sticky notes outline will help already to get the idea across for Karel
- One person should write the narrative
- Progress should be a first focal point, sell the progression → then go into detail about what is done
- Elevator pitch the game concepts
- Explain the test within bullet points
- Products, results, and client reaction
- Progress is red herring → (Winand note: we actually did fucking fine, but too much focus on provided work over showcasing progress)
- Start next week with a first draft on the presentation
- Scrap the 6th concept if it is going to be small anyway

## Action Points

---
