# Coach 12-06-24

## Agenda

- Discuss product pitch presentation
- Discuss meta analysis
- Discuss concepts 4 & 5

## Meeting Notes

### Client presentation

- What can be done to make it more accessible for the client?
- Slides with references to the material
	- This is what happens and this is what the status is
	- What is it and what is it not
- Details are bullet points not stories

### Meta analysis

- What are the core axis?
- What is the analysis based on?
- What does content mean, how are we going to analyse content?
- Multiple kinds of content spread over diverse axis
	- What is the scope of our content?
	- What kind of conclusion can we draw out of this?
	- How do we quantify this?
	- How can we approach the quantification?
	- Seperate the axis
		- Practicality, how did we approach this?
		- Criticality, did we approach the math content correctly?
		- How easy is it to translate educational content into game content?
			- If you choose this kind of content, it was difficult/easy for us.....
			- If you choose that kind of content, it was basically impossible to do.....
	- We've tried diverse approaches, how did it go? why did it work like this? why did it not work?
- The how needs to be answered (How can educational content be succesfully translated?)
- This is easy, this is difficult, here are the reasons why.....undoable/unpracticle etc....
- Research question: How can we translate lineair maths into a game which teaches the target group about this?
	- How did we experience designing our games?
	- Analyse our results, what did we do?
	- Can we figure out what we did to make it work (or not)
		- What was the process to reach this?
	- Try to keep the scope on how we did the work/how we experienced it.
	- Reflect on the projects, figure out details about the process.
		- Semantic analysis
		- What did we learn?
- Make sure that we write down the interviews.
	- Create a document which can be read back.
- If we do it well enough it can be processed into a paper.
	- If we provide enough it can be written/used in a paper.
- The interviews are more about how we experienced the progress.
	- More detailed questions about how someone did something.

### Product presentation

- Put more focus on
	- Summarize what the point is of our project (while introducing ourselves again)
		- How are we introducing the math?
		- What is our research question?
- Ensure that the entire presentation is based on/related to our how question.

#### Testing

- How does our testing answer our research question?
	- Did we explain our method and what we were looking for?
		- Repeat the how it relates to answering our how question.
		- What are we looking for, what are our results?
	- Give an example of our specific results
	- Incorporate our specific results into the general results (or vice versa)
	- These are our results and this is what we learned from it.
	- What are we planning to do with our results?

#### Concepts

- How did we alter our newer concepts (4&5) based on our test results of the older concepts (1-3)?
	- What is the difference of our approach?
		- We're trying something new, we've altered this.... etc...
- Describe the games in a sentence our two
- Make sure that the games are related to our how question?
	- Game goal -> math learning goal (or vice versa)

#### Meta analysis

- Give overview
- All these results give this summary of analysis
	- How did we do this?
	- What recommendations rolled out of this?
	- Do (not) do this...
		- because....
- End goal, what's the next step

#### Summary

- Summarize everything that's been talked about in the presentation
- Reflect on our practice (process)
- What direction should be taken next time?


### Concept 4: Kaiju killer

- What is the core gameplay?
  - Not aiming, but typing!
  - Text prompt based thing.

- What kind of feedback do we get in the game?
  - Enemy jumps away immediately

- Do you fill in the formula one-by-one?

- What is the challenge in this game?
  - There is pressure to fill in the right equation
  - Start off with guidance the further you go the less guidance you have.

  - What are the parameters where you can create something where the student can learn
  - RTS
    - Make a sandboxy mode where they can learn to understand
  - Real mode, the roguelike which has been mentioned
  - Real challenge
    - Toggle to switch of guides etc....
    - Once the student understands how the lines work toggle off?
    - Once understood add a timer to make the challenge difficult
  - MVP everything

### Concept 5: Architect of Goo

- Similar to the Kaiju killer, things to hit to solve the level
  - Actions are sequenced
  - Bit more dynamic, slime can move as well

- How do we make the interactions mesh well?
  - Action platformy stuff
  - Math stuff
  - Ensure that these two are connected
  - If I cut this away would it still work?
    - Do we need the movement of the slime?
    - Is there any use to the slime movement?
    - What is essential to the game?
      - Interacting with the mathzones...
      - Building up the graph, is building up the level
        - Creating level features
        - Can we make the different lines level features (walls, ramps)
          - Could we even do it all at once (Create the entire level in one time)?

- There is room to mess around with things (features)?

- Could we cut away one of these gems?
  - Do we really need them right now?
  - If the level is going to be as we designed, it could be cut in half for the MVP.
  - We're missing out on expression
    - We could give them the tools and say here is the goal, good luck bro :D
    - Instead of a puzzle, it can be made into a more creative game
    - The player has the potential to create their own bridge stuff etc....

